Summary: The authors propose to conduct a segment of a large Galactic plane survey at 3mm with 
MUSTANG, following successful pilot observations. The goals of the survey are to produce a 
complete catalog of hyper compact HII regions representing the earliest stages of massive star 
formation, thereby investigating unknown basic properties of this phase of star formation, as 
well as physical properties of dust at high resolution.

Proposal strengths:
The proposal benefits significantly from pilot observations, with which the authors convincingly 
demonstrate the feasibility of efficient data processing.

The study of the populations and relative lifetimes of the earliest stages of high-mass star 
formation is important for constraining uncertain models of star formation, and the method for 
identifying such sources (e.g., HCHII regions) from multi-wavelength analysis is well justified.

The potential for the MGPS-3mm to characterize the free-free contribution to molecular cloud SEDs 
as well as the beta-temperature degeneracy will significantly aid studies of the evolutionary states 
of molecular clouds.

The synergy between the proposed dataset and existing and incoming surveys with similar resolution 
and sensitivity at shorter and longer wavelengths is a major strength.

The responsibilities to the observations, reduction, imaging, and analysis are divided nicely between 
the group members. 

Furthermore, they emphasize the uniqueness of GBT/MUSTANG for conducting the proposed observations, 
maximizing the potential for this project to produce a useful legacy data product for the broader 
community.

Proposal weaknesses:
It would have been useful to see a quantitative analysis of the pilot dataset, or some discussion of 
the possible lessons learned as a result of pilot data processing. In addition, some justification for 
why the proposed extension of the plane survey was selected in particular would have been helpful. 

As stated in the proposal, source confusion within crowded clusters make definitive source assignment 
difficult.

The amount of observing hours at 3mm is limited, and this is a significant time request.

No reference list can be found in the proposal.


Recommended time: The SRP does not recommend a change to the proposed time request.
Technical issues affecting ranking or recommended time: None.
